after she does at home in the neighborhood health
in that wave the reversion is perception
human dies greatest beige book good
personal is one of the videos plus a video
gt 5 years to you
I'm here again here today with the
my friends brunella and here the right and the
left, we'll start at the
michael speaks and maicon speaks personally
beauty
it is just that I can climb
arriving here to stand next to me and
so that staff can get better
brunelli is prudent and so galera who
Brunelli
here again with kil exactly
we are here the excerpts of recording more
a video and another zero car for you
what are today we bring the country here
pilot found the tone is vapt pyott
zapp.pt yourself I will go here in
car for you to see the name is
to take happy day off classic sports and
This car is very beautiful, the mother can
give to make several customizations I
I also had my ex
I also do videos here with the staff.
I will finish the registration and I know the name
is for you to configure as ifro
ti is an application for the mobile system
overcomes also approaches andré and then
you can look at the western claimed
this pathway had problems connecting
so in the middle of video showed
video showing how well you can
customize with this because with this
Why did you post that you can?
put onu on the license plate and can do
some more people do not know for sure
because I do not in
I do not have it installed I did not like it
to speak without being absolutely sure
person and so it is
We already decided to bring the video
about escaping for a reason because here
one this here is my yellow one here
Here you are with my hand.
and usually for the top curves
well and so it is half were but jean entered
when we came here to record and
Then you'll see in the video I came
with the videos up
only now when you record your
second in the duel will be heard was
controlled is an exception
I was here to do some laps here in
The street is what I walk the car I usually do
story
until they find that this purple with
mounted videos
You have to see that the problem does not
that these people have a
attempt to try to get out of the car
if it were not for the leonelli to give a helping hand
be beaten here by sound
the folks here are crazy, let's try
run away from here fast I'll show only that
the call is kills and on this street here
no way out
ok it 's exactly the same as flying us
we also defend the core avalone
workout only have to be careful street giving
a help book did not enter through the study is
that the doctor will wait for this man to go
confrontations plus a father who
shock is is very dangerous to say that would
leaving dangerous so have
be careful when you come here for the
car, whoever this is, try it here already
night
the gemini depth and noon as already
I told you to the line that the right
have a green than albania I
did respond for the dog
Let's drop chili and alexandre
customs to customize and as always
I will avoid becoming more dynamic and
It's just you can see the tuning born here.
is practically completed but not
being there because I combined with the micão
and as brunelli we met at the club
strip nato so do our
farewell so I only stayed until the end
vehicle with you
ae
good guys I was here mg what to do
the farewell only you saw I saw
here a little of the scheme more is that this
girl right here at the step that will dance
which finally convinced the government of
I would not recommend you any more
do it at home because joe's life
Paste calling spacious but I point
I do not know about my friends, okay, I already
I've been here the search already ran away and
those that were in his soil and both
michael as bromeliads appear the option
I'm going to have to stay and make your
farewell alone
Someone call you here at the door who is
pavuna and follow if the staff do not want
take the same course is also see more healthy
Brunelli and that the old staff
abunã is the baby some there is more and me
enchanted with the shows of life that is
in search of my love
but it was all an ambitious vision fy e
It's good that you're here because
Let's make this presentation so I
I started this power and talked even more
the next video said it , guys
I have nothing to ask more than the
Favorite because it took a lot of work to do
this video the car it's monica way
and it sometimes appears with a glass
raised and sometimes not
so I ask is the favorite if they liked it
much of the video and if they did not like it
to dislike more say why not the
indy light without reason
That's what I said and I hope that the
I thank you here michael
bonello for not having helped in one more
video for you
Big hug to all I went